{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans CJK SC;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\hich\af3\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\dbch\af5\dbch\af7\afs28\sb240\sa120\keepn\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\dbch\af6\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\dbch\af6\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.4.2.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/40$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2021\mo2\dy21\hr19\min21}{\revtim\yr2021\mo2\dy21\hr19\min22}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Sean enters a shrubbed terrain in Africa. There are active hunters who want to supply the city with food. Cannibalism is legal here, and they are looking for anything. Animals are rare here, but Sean stands out.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
They don't have any weapons, Sean goes to them, and talks to them. They want him. So he agrees to go with them, as he doesn't have any choice. They want to put him in a giant oven immediately, but he says that they should wash him first.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
So they put him in a nearby lake for a few minutes. They decide that since he is cleaned, they should try and cook him a different way. So they get a few metal pipes together, and set up a spit.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
The leader opens Seans anus and connects a pole to it, and puts it on the spit. Sean almost has an orgasm. They don't light the fire just yet, but they put some grease and butter on him, and give him a few spins first.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
They put an apple in Sean's mouth, like they would do with a succulant pig roast, but they don't kill him. They are going to cook him alive. They tie him up with chains around his waist, breasts, and feet, and they light the fire.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Two boys start spinning the rotisserie. Sean goes to sleep. After about 2 hours of roasting, the leader comes back to see if he is ready yet. He instructs the spit operators to stop spinning him, and he sniffs Sean. He takes a bite into Seans soft juicy breasts, and finds out that he is still alive.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Sean screams a little bit, and the apple falls out of his mouth. The apple is mostly sauce now, due to all the heat, Sean is a good shade of brown, and he looks ever so juicy.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
He instructs them to give Sean some more spins, and they do. 4 hours later, Sean is a beautiful golden brown, and the leader comes back. It is now the afternoon, 12:14 pm. He looks ever so juicy.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
He decides that it is time for the feast. Sean's breast has grown back, and Sean is put onto a giant plate, on top of a carriage. The plate contains grass, and an assortment of berries. Another apple is placed into Sean's mouth.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Sean is still alive though. Seans delicious succulant body is taken to the center of the village. Everyone is dancing around. They haven't eaten in a while, and Sean weighs a good two hundred and ten pounds. All that mouth watering, soft tender meat is ready. The problem is, Sean isn't.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Everyone is brought to a table, where a marvelous feast for 12 men is about to begin. The apple is taken out of Sean's mouth, and shoved into his stretched anus, where the pole used to be. Sean tells them that he isn't ready to go yet. They said that it is already too late, as he is already fully prepared for a feast.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Forks are at hand, they cut the chains off, and begin to carve Sean down the center. He screams for them to stop, but they won't listen. Soon after, slices of Sean are put onto plates. After the first serving is made, there is still some meat left on the bones, but not much.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Everyone is so hungry, they begin to eat. The legs haven't been picked off yet, neither the head, or the arms. The ass is still proudly sitting up on the plate. Grease is everywhere. After the dressing is removed, there is a juicy pool of gravy. During the second serving, the rest of the meat is served, with a side of Sean's gravy.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Despite being a skeleton, Sean is still alive. After the feast is over, the skeleton is placed in a little museum in the town, where Sean spends the rest of his days. He was one of the most delicious feasts ever to be eaten in Africa.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\hich\af3\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }